So let's start our lab.
So, first of all, I'm going to create a cluster.
So click on this ECS and create cluster.
I'm going to choose EC2 Linux + networking.
Next step.
And I'm giving this cluster EC2 demo and EC2 instance type.
I'm giving t2 micro and number of instances I want.
It should be 2 and key pair.
This is my key pair and I've already created one.
VPC So this is my VPC and subnet.
I'm going to choose the private subnet.
And here I have chosen the default security group.
And in the upcoming lectures, I'm going to edit this security group.
Create.
It will take some time and it is also going to create 2 instances for this cluster.
Okay.
So one is pending.
Another one is pending.
It means 2 instances are in process.
Now cluster has been created.
And here you can see Service task.
There is nothing.
And in ECS instances, there would be 2 instances.
So just wait for some more time.
Now my instances are in running state.
Now you can see both of my instances are showing here in the cluster.
Now, this is the first thing.
Now, next, I'm going to create an application load balancer.
So coming back here.
And then go to the EC2 service and scroll down.
And here we have load balancing.
Inside this we have load balancer.
Then click on Create Load Balancer.
Here we have 3 options.
Go with the first one, application load balancer and click on Create.
And here you have to provide some basic configuration of your application load balancer, the name of
your load balancer.
I have given ALB cluster EC2- demo.
You can give any name and the scheme I have chosen internet facing IP version address.
I'm okay with the IP version 4 now.
Coming to this network mapping here, you have to choose the VPC.
I have chosen this one and mapping.
I want to choose both of them.
This is my availability zones.
So I have chosen both of them and by default you can see it has chosen the public subnet because I want
my this application load balancer should be running in the public.
So here you can see in the PPT also the application load balancer is coming under the public subnet.
That's why I have chosen this one.
If you are going to choose this one, you will start getting some error.
The subnet for your Internet facing load balancer must have a route to a Internet gateway.
So here you have to choose the public and coming down and  security group.
I'm going to choose the default one letter.
I will do the changes on that under this listeners and routing on which port your application load balancer
should listen.
So I'm okay with this one else you can click on add listener and you can choose another port as well.
So.
And let me go with the 80 only.
And here you have to create the target group.
So this is mandatory for the creation of application load balancer.
So that's all.
In the next lecture, I will show you how to create the target group.